refining os-diff procedures (#586)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/con_comparing-configuration-files-between-deployments.adoc

> = Comparing configuration files between deployments

Author: Comment from Pedro: The title "Comparing configuration files between deployments" may lead users to anticipate instructions on utilizing a specific tool for this purpose. I think we should at least introduce a basic example.

> To help you manage the configuration for your {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} and {rhos_prev_long} ({OpenStackShort}) services, you can compare the configuration files between your {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} deployment and the {rhos_long} cloud by using the os-diff tool.

Author: Is this procedure different from “Pulling the configuration from a director deployment” because this procedure happens BEFORE any RHOSP services have been adopted on the control plane?

.Prerequisites

* Golang is installed and configured on your environment:
+
----

> dnf install -y golang-github-openstack-k8s-operators-os-diff

Author: Question from Pedro: What's the repo to be installed to be able to install os-diff?

Author: @matbu Should installing the repo be another prerequisite? For example:

* The repository to install os-diff is installed:
`dnf install -y rhoso-18.0-rhel-9-trunk-candidate`

* Golang is installed and configured on your environment:
`dnf install -y golang-github-openstack-k8s-operators-os-diff`

----

.Procedure

> . Configure the `/etc/os-diff/os-diff.cfg` file and the `/etc/os-diff/ssh.config` file according to your environment. To allow os-diff to connect to your clouds and pull files from the services that you describe in the `config.yaml` file, you must set the option in the `os-diff.cfg` file:

Author: What does "the option" refer to? `ssh_cmd`? `director_host`? Both, if applicable?

[Tripleo]

ssh_cmd=ssh -F ssh.config <1>

> director_host=standalone <2>

Author: There are multiple "standalone" references in this procedure.

connection=local
ssh_cmd=""
----
+

> <1> Instructs os-diff to access your {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} host through SSH. The default value is `ssh -F ssh.config`. However, you can set the value without an ssh.config file, for example, `ssh -i /home/user/.ssh/id_rsa stack@my.undercloud.local`.

Author: @matbu Can you please review the latest iteration of step 1? Looking at the preview might help:
https://logserver.rdoproject.org/86/586/a4d03195480a426bd0820f20d458a8e76818cbee/github-check/adoption-docs-preview/b423910/docs_build/docs_build/adoption-user/index-downstream.html#comparing-configuration-files-between-deployments_storage-requirements

Reviewer: LGTM

<2> The host to use to access your cloud, and the podman/docker binary is installed and allowed to interact with the running containers. You can leave this key blank.

> . If you used a host file to connect to your cloud, configure the `ssh.config` file to allow os-diff to access your {OpenStackShort} environment, for example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If you use a host file to connect to your cloud, configure the `ssh.config` file to allow os-diff to access your {OpenStackShort} environment, for example:
```
To keep the whole sentence in present tense, if the change doesn't make the sentence less technically accurate

connection=local
ssh_cmd=""
----
+
<1> Instructs os-diff to access your {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} host through SSH.

> <2> The host to use to access your cloud, and the podman/docker binary is installed and allowed to interact with the running containers. You can leave this key blank.

Author: Is this accurate?

`ssh_cmd` = configures access to director through SSH
`director_host` = configures the host to use to access your cloud, and the podman/docker binary is installed and allowed to interact with the running containers.

Author: Is it true that you can leave the `director_host` key blank?

+
----
ssh_cmd=ssh -F ssh.config standalone
director_host=
----
+

> or without an SSH config file:

Author: Regarding the “without an SSH config file” examples,  Why is `my.undercloud.local` appended to `-i /home/user/.ssh/id_rsa stack@` in the first example, but then split up in the second example?
```
ssh_cmd=ssh -i /home/user/.ssh/id_rsa stack@
director_host=my.undercloud.local
```

Reviewer: Both writting can be valid, but I think it might be confusing.
I'm wondering if we might remove the 2nd example

+
----
ssh_cmd=ssh -i /home/user/.ssh/id_rsa stack@my.undercloud.local
director_host=
----
+
or
+
----
ssh_cmd=ssh -i /home/user/.ssh/id_rsa stack@
director_host=my.undercloud.local
----
+

> The result of using `ssh_cmd` and `director_host` is a "successful ssh access".

Reviewer: Nop, that mean that the combination with ssh_cmd and director_host should be a valid command (if you write it into a terminal).
But I can add this message when the check is made.

> The result of using `ssh_cmd` and `director_host` is a "successful ssh access".

Author: @matbu I'm not sure that we need the sentence:"The result of using `ssh_cmd` and `director_host` is a "successful ssh access"." We wouldn't be documenting this option if it wasn't a valid command.

. If you used a host file to connect to your cloud, configure the `ssh.config` file to allow os-diff to access your {OpenStackShort} environment, for example:

> +

Author: Steps 2 and 3 used to be one step, but I split it into 2 steps because I saw this as two different use cases:
1) Using a host file to connect to the cloud
2) Using an inventory file to connect to the cloud
Does that make sense? Can you review both steps and make sure they are accurate?

Reviewer: Yes it's true

    StrictHostKeyChecking no
    UserKnownHostsFile=/dev/null
----
+

> * Replace `<path to SSH key>` with the path to your SSH key. You must set the `IdentityFile` key in the file to get full working access to your {OpenStackShort} environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Replace `<path to SSH key>` with the path to your SSH key. You must provide a value for `IdentityFile` to get full working access to your {OpenStackShort} environment.
```
IIUC, then this might be more succinct. If I don't, then ignore :)

> . If you used an inventory file to connect to your cloud, generate the `ssh.config` file from your Ansible inventory, for example, `tripleo-ansible-inventory.yaml` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If you use an inventory file to connect to your cloud, generate the `ssh.config` file from your Ansible inventory, for example, `tripleo-ansible-inventory.yaml` file:
```
